so this is a hawk a hawk way honor 3x
phone here and you want to move your
files from your internal memory onto
your SD card
regardless if it's a video file or photo
or music file or documents or whatnot so
make sure you do what you have to do is
appreciate the click on this file
manager here now the first time you
click on that it's going to ask you to
accept something but do something to
with internet connection not sure why
that's on there but just quite accept it
once you accept it then you'll see you
can have the highway cloud where the
local mixture locals clicked on and
here's your internal and here's your SD
card your SD card is pretty much it's
considered your ex your external memory
card and then you have the internal
which is your device is a memory so
basically what you want to do is like
for example like like let's going to
transfer some files I have some pictures
here and look for pictures of course you
would want to go under DCIM if you have
music you know you may want to look
under your music file you get a movies
file just look look through this exactly
we're just actually a pictures files as
well here and then anyways I'm going to
move some pictures so I'm going to go
under DCIM and here's my camera and now
what you can do here is if you look on
the bottom here you can see that there's
a copy or there's a cut a cut is
basically a move okay so a copy is a
copy it's basically you make it a copy
to your SD card what I would do is I
would recommend to make a copy
oops
I'm not sure what I did but I would make
a copy I would click on that and then
what you want to do is you want to
select the ones that you want to
transfer now the reason why I would say
I would make a copy is because you want
to copy it from your internal memory
onto your SD card now the thing is like
sometimes like it gets corrupted if you
move it directly if you do like a cut it
you move it directly onto your sd card I
think the thing is a lot of times your
SD card gets corrupted
for some reason and that pictures are
like blank where the video won't play so
you want to make sure all the pictures
everything's are in there first you know
you can pretty much see if the thumbnail
there's a picture on the thumbnail then
it's pretty much good to go but if the
thumbnail progressive it's a music file
or a photograph or video a knife it's
black it's pretty much corrupted so any
event so I'm going to copy I'll just
copy these for if you want to select
them all you can select the all button
up here so it's all then I just put copy
and now I have to paste it somewhere now
what I do is I want to go back so I were
to click on this you see it's on my
internal memory DCM dash camera click
this back down and I'll go back to local
then I'll click on my SD card and then
where do I want to put it you can put
anywhere you want here I'll just go back
under DCIM camera and I'll just paste it
in here and then from here make sure
that again you're able to see the
pictures and whatnot the the actual
thumbnail if it's black it means it's
corrupted I know what happens a lot on
the galaxy s4 the galaxy s3 depending on
the memory card especially if years in
memory card that's not like Samsung if I
use like a scan disk got two taught two
or three times it got like corrupted I
had like long like 10 15 minute videos
you know of some like MMA fights like
like you know like really good seats and
it just got the whole thing I corrupted
anyways you guys have questions I just
come at the bottom any subs and likes
would be great too thanks and have a
good day bye